docs: add LATERAL derived tables documentation (#22583)
pingcap/docs: mysql-compatibility.md

+ "Session Tracker: Add GTIDs context to the OK packet"
+ Descending Index [#2519](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/2519)
+ `SKIP LOCKED` syntax [#18207](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/18207)

> + Lateral derived tables (syntax is recognized but execution is not yet supported) [#40328](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40328). For syntax details, see [LATERAL Derived Tables](/lateral-derived-tables.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Lateral derived tables (syntax can be parsed, but execution is not yet supported) [#40328](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/40328). For syntax details, see [LATERAL Derived Tables](/lateral-derived-tables.md).
```
